## Meeting Minutes
Date: 11-05-2025

* Planned for each person to break down subsystem into smaller components (general). Lewis with Power does not have to do as much until receiving confirmation from the rest of the group.
*  Will discuss subsystems on Monday


Date: 11-10-2025

* All members (save for Lewis) complete Interface with Others section, so that Lewis (in charge of power) can start working more efficiently on his documentation.
* Wednesday meeting focus on Interfaces (group up together). Refer to feedback from Van Neste and notes from Storm.
* Have Interfaces and Diagrams sections finished by Monday


Date: 11-12-2025

* All members worked on power diagram and piece movement logic. Each pair of people that had an Interface section in common discussed interactions with each other.

Questions for Storm:
  * Temperature concerns (fans into case/ventilation, wood construction materials + spacers between electric components)
  * Structural concerns (transparent top piece material: plexiglass, transparent plastic, acryllic; handles on shorter ends of rectangular board)


Date: 11-17-2025

* Noah presented updated information about cooling the stepper driver boards and securing the MOSFET from electrical kickback.
* Nathan presented 3D CAD model of board (discard "piles" (2x8 grids) in front of each respective player, with the playing field centered in between those grids.

* Nathan tasked with checking sheer force for top board and add ventilation (and fans? + Lewis)
* Nathan tasked with asking customer and advisor if they are available during presentation period (to help Storm decide timeslot)
