## Meeting Minutes
Date: 10-20-2025

* Made sure Conceptual Design had all member parts merged into it
* Talked about Division of Labor:
  1. Allison: CoreXY
  2. Nathan: Peripherals
  3. Lewis: Power
  4. Noah: Computing Unit
  5. Jack: Processing Unit

* Questions for Storm:
  1. Is our proposed Division of Labor fair?
 
Date: 10-22-2025

* Assigned Lewis the task of fixing code-styled wrap around text
* Planned to send Conceptual Design to Storm after minor fixes
* Planned to talk to Van Neste about Concept Render image (likely too early for this step in the overall process)

* Planned to go over Detailed Design requirements on Monday
