## Meeting Minutes
Date: 10-27-2025

* Planned to get Conceptual Design returned for re-review by Wednesday
* Planned to go over Detailed Design overview on Wednesday

* Make sure diagrams have large text and are at least 300dpi (use Gimp to export as needed)

* Questions for Storm:
  1. What text should be larger on hardware block diagram and/or should image be less pixelated?
  2. What makes a source necessary to add to the document?
  3. What kind of images are you looking for (component images, renders, etc.)?
  4. What kind of table are you looking for each subsystem comparison (trade study inconclusive format)?
 

Date: 10-29-2025

* Confirmed corrections and assigned minor edits to project name and citations to Nathan

* Questions for Van Neste:
  1. Confirm recurring meeting every two weeks
  2. Confirm magnetism options (small physical "twist" magnet or small electromagnet)
  3. Follow up with board size (size of each square: assume piece size is flexible)
  4. Ideas for resetting board (speed and time)
  5. Bounce off ideas of screen and microphone: (layout left to right: discard pool -> playing field 8x8 -> microphone + screen)

* Questions for Storm:
  1. Ask about how to neatly divide work and work together
 
  
